README.md, before:

# Docker containers for tricoteuses application

This repo is an intent to provide docker containers for tricoteuses application. 

Tricoteuses is an application of [parlement ouvert](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert) which intends to open the data of the french parlement so it can be easily used by contributors. 

Tricoteuses comes in 3 different softwares interacting through a postgres database. 

Softwares are the following : 
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-daemon](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-daemon) : An software for automatic feed our database
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-api](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-api) : A graphQl API for requesting database
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-ui](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-ui) : Front-end application for exploring data. 

## Current services states

### DB 

DB should be working. On removing the image and rebuilding, db will automatically fetch current data dump available. 

### daemon

Basics of Dockerfile made, not tested. 

### api 

Todo

### ui

Install & build works. Instance not tested.

Commit message:

update state of daemon service container

README.md, after:

# Docker containers for tricoteuses application

This repo is an intent to provide docker containers for tricoteuses application. 

Tricoteuses is an application of [parlement ouvert](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert) which intends to open the data of the french parlement so it can be easily used by contributors. 

Tricoteuses comes in 3 different softwares interacting through a postgres database. 

Softwares are the following : 
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-daemon](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-daemon) : An software for automatic feed our database
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-api](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-api) : A graphQl API for requesting database
 - [ ] [Tricoteuses-ui](https://framagit.org/parlement-ouvert/tricoteuses-ui) : Front-end application for exploring data. 

## Current services states

### DB 

DB should be working. On removing the image and rebuilding, db will automatically fetch current data dump available. 

### daemon

Service container seems to run and no exception seems to be thrown at executing python scripts. 

We will have to configure the service in order to automatically process the scripts adequately.

### api 

Todo

### ui

Install & build works. Instance not tested.
